README.md, before:

# kick-Some-Balls

a simple tool to document tablesoccer statistics for a group of players. 

Features:

- register new players

- document the match's players and result 

- show games-history of each player and show all played games

- show a shitload of stats about all the played games (continiously improved)

- Update/ reinsert/ delete function if typo or want to fast reinsert during best of 3 or 5 matches


# requirements

## Ubuntu (to run on a remote server setup)

- `apt install pkg-config libpixman-1-dev libcairo2-dev libpango1.0-dev libjpeg8-dev libgif-dev make build-essential`

- `npm install --save express-validator@5.3.1` <-- newest is 6.14.0 but the way it's implemented is different

## How to install locally:

1. npm install. 

2. npm start

3. open the application on port 9000. http://localhost:9000

# Preview

![presention](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24300473/174416892-355f1196-0370-4042-84d8-39cfa06c6fcb.gif)

# Background: 

We're a group of tablesoccer enthusiasts which wanted to go the next level of tracking our game stats and have other interesting statistics  around our performance.

But also of course to choose our next tablesoccer season winner:

![wanderpokel](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24300473/174417300-bdd4a068-364b-4ccb-b7af-331fd520a591.jpg)

Commit message:

in the branch we modified the tables, elmenated duplications, added a owend to zero teamtable, add BaseUrl as configuration in the indes.js, style optemized, Match_Duration,updated package.json. If you have problem with chanrts_canvas Lib add the Lib form a prevouis  version

README.md, after:

# kick-Some-Balls

a simple tool to document tablesoccer statistics for a group of players. 

Features:

- register new players

- document the match's players and result 

- show games-history of each player and show all played games

- show a shitload of stats about all the played games (continiously improved)

- Update/ reinsert/ delete function if typo or want to fast reinsert during best of 3 or 5 matches


# requirements

## Ubuntu (to run on a remote server setup)

- `apt install pkg-config libpixman-1-dev libcairo2-dev libpango1.0-dev libjpeg8-dev libgif-dev make build-essential`

- `npm install --save express-validator@5.3.1` <-- newest is 6.14.0 but the way it's implemented is different

## How to install locally:

1. npm install. 

2. npm start

3. open the application on port 9000. http://localhost:9000

4.to Update Package.json to the latest versions use:
4.1 npm i -g npm-check-updates
4.2ncu -u

# Preview

![presention](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24300473/174416892-355f1196-0370-4042-84d8-39cfa06c6fcb.gif)

# Background: 

We're a group of tablesoccer enthusiasts which wanted to go the next level of tracking our game stats and have other interesting statistics  around our performance.

But also of course to choose our next tablesoccer season winner:

![wanderpokel](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24300473/174417300-bdd4a068-364b-4ccb-b7af-331fd520a591.jpg)
